Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Fuck sake.
Look. if things are shitty.
they kind of have
to get better. right?
Like. bounce back.
Once you hit bottom.
there's only up to go.
that sort of thing.
You know. like physics.
I don't think it works like that
in this case.
I'm pretty sure things
can get worse.
Yeah. maybe physics doesn't apply for emotional well-being.
but you get what I mean.
Mm. I don't think so.
I feel like things can actually
get worse once they're worse
and then they continue
to get worse
until it's not funny anymore
and then they get
a little better
and then they get worse again.
and then you die.
So. uh. Laura... you okay?
Yeah. just everyone
keeps asking what I'm doing next
and it's like. I don't know.
So. yeah. that's fun.
Well. hey. at least
you're done with that job
and taking some time off.
starting fresh.
That's great!
Yeah. there's that.
It's going to be okay.
I don't know.
It's gonna be alright.
It's not like anybody
chooses to move to Los Angeles
because they were pumped
on their lives beforehand.
I was born there
so I guess I can't really say.
Best case scenario.
they get the idea like myself
that maybe they can
make some change
through art or some shit.
So. I take it
you're pretty happy
with things these days.
Super fucking pumped.
You're just a radiant
bundle of sunshine.
aren't you. Michael?
Everything's bad all the time.
Oh. yeah. you're so edgy.
Come on.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
This is my room.
You have roommates. right?
Yes. of course I have roommates.
It's San Francisco.
Nobody's rich enough
not to have roommates.
It's nice. right?
Yeah. it's like... I mean.
I take it works really well.
Yeah. well. it's fun.
-Yeah. it's fun.
-Is it?
Yeah. it's just...
it takes some time.
Like all of it.
Yeah. your early 20's. right?
Yeah. hopefully
I'll at least have some stories.
-Where's Neha?
-Oh. fuck! That's right.
She's like picking up a friend
or a friend of a friend
or something.
I don't know. but I think
she's bringing people.
-People?
-Guys.
-Couple of guys.
All right. let's get drunk.
Yeah.
That doesn't even
sound fun. Frank.
Yeah. that's 'cause it wasn't.
Then why?
I don't know.
Sometimes things
just sound like a good idea
when you're drinking.
But really. your ex?
That is the cliché.
It's like you could be
a little more original
with your fuck-ups. dude.
-I could.
- That is pretty bad.
You know guys.
as much as I appreciate
the concern. I don't.
And either way.
she didn't answer
and I didn't leave a voice mail.
so we chillin'
Yeah. totally chillin'.
Yeah. totally chillin'
-I'm going to tell your mother
that you're being rude.
-You are my mother. Neha.
and I'm sorry for talking back.
No. I'm not. Fuck you.
You little bitch!
Neha!
Ro!
-Friends!
- Ro!
Ro?
Yeah. so this is
Frank and Michael.
Hi. Frank. Hi. Michael.
-Whoa! There's your door.
-Windy out!
I'm Frank. that's Michael.
I'm Michael and that's Frank.
-Frank. Michael. Cool. got it.
-Yeah. No. no. Frank...
-We're doing a hug. Come on in.
-Oh. this is going really well.
Stop.
Hell. yeah. Laura.
Like are you looking
for roommates by any chance?
No. I'm not. Frank.
Are you so excited
you travelled.
you little adventurer?
Yeah. I'm so excited.
yeah. excited. woo!
-Well. what's going on?
- You guys want beer?
Yes.
Yeah. so this is
Michael and Frank.
-Hey. Michael and Frank.
-Hey.
-Which one's which?
- Oh. my bad.
Uh. Michael.
-Michael.
-Yeah.
-Frank.
-Have we met before?
Yeah. I think so.
Oh. my God! No. dude.
it's when you came up
for your 21st birthday.
-What? I'm pretty sure
I was blitzed that whole time.
-You were.
Wait!
Oh. holy shit!
You were with that... that dude.
The one that kept trying to get
us to ditch you girls because...
-Oh. my God!
-...Saturdays were for the boys.
-Shit! That was awesome.
-Yeah.
-He was super awesome.
That was definitely awesome.
Puka shells?
Yeah. nice to meet you guys too.
Anyway. here's something
about good health
or something. right?
-Yeah. take it.
-Fuck dying. right?
Ooh!
It was such an eloquent toast
from you all. I'm so inspired.
So. this girl tells me
that she wants to be buried
in one of those tree urns
when she goes.
Who are you dating?
And I'm like...
oh. I have great taste in women.
you should just ask Michael.
Oh. yeah.
You and Laura should start
the saddest dating app ever.
- Nice.
-We'd be millionaires.
Like you have
like that one bad ex.
-No. never. Not once.
-All right.
Frank. aren't you
telling a story?
Oh. yeah. okay. anyhow.
So. then I told her
that when I go.
I want my ashes
to be shot out of the ocean
out of a t-shirt cannon.
Out of the ocean though?
Into the ocean with a t-shirt
cannon. sorry. I can't talk.
But. yeah. I think that...
What's that? What did you say?
Well. you said
out of the ocean and I was like
who are you going to give...
No. I'm going to give it
to a mermaid and she's going
to shoot it out of the ocean...
-Guys. we can go.
it's turning green.
-We can go? Oh. okay.
Well. no. but then
I was like. "I want to go
to Davy Jones' locker.
Like I'm a fuckin'
pirate. baby!"
Whatever. like the world
is filled with mean people.
You're cheery.
Yeah. well. okay.
but the point is like nobody
thinks they're mean. right?
Like and then
all of these mean people...
Well. actually
all of us mean people
go around using
other people's meanness
just for our meanness.
-So. it's like...
-Is she always this sad?
Usually much sadder.
Oh. okay. Then good.
People are exactly
the reason why people
can't have nice things.
- Yeah. what?
- Who do you mean?
-I don't know. people.
-Yeah. well. like not everybody.
- Well. yeah. okay.
-Most people.
It's kinda how it goes.
People are going to people.
That's... Yeah. exactly.
I should know better by now.
Well. you can't blame
yourself for that.
I mean. you can
but you shouldn't.
It sounds a little like
you really don't like the fact
that you see good in people.
Ooh!
What?
Hey.
where did everybody go?
Um. Ro and Neha
went for a smoke.
I don't know if Frank smokes
but he went with them. so...
Yeah. sometimes
we all have our vices.
Glad that we got that
out of the way.
-That's it?
-Just taking a break.
Woo! Ow!
Neha hasn't said
one word since we got her food.
Fuck you! I'm trying to enjoy
my food and I'd appreciate it
if you didn't interrupt me.
Yeah. fuck you. Frank.
Oh. come on. Jesus!
You know you can
just buy a slice. right?
I could. but I could
also have a bite of yours.
-I think she's just using me
for my pizza. guys.
-One bite. come on.
-All right.
- Definitely.
All right.
Be careful. it's hot.
Okay.
What did you do to this pizza?
-I bit it.
- Murderer!
Fuck. that's hot!
You all right?
So. is it that bad?
Let's get this thing right here.
Why is it so hot?
Why are you eating it?
They just said it's hot.
Why are you trying to eat it?
Once second.
could you repeat that
for a photograph?
They're going
to go through life
with just like the tiniest bit
of doubt and questioning
about whether they really
are part cyborg or not
and then one day in college.
they'll finally discover
that it's obviously not true
and they've just been lying
to them the whole time.
And what. the lesson is
to just never trust anyone
'cause your father
is a sadistic liar
and you should
just never trust anybody?
Yeah. exactly. Ro. you get me.
The world is a bad.
bad place and you should
just never trust anybody.
Aside from the fact
that your kids are going to be
super fucked up in the head.
they'll just be like
cutting their arm open.
like looking
for cyborg parts and shit.
Well. yeah.
I mean those are minor details
but it's a great plan though.
right?
And Michael is the one
that gave me the idea for it.
Okay. look. just to be clear.
I never condoned for it
to go for this long.
How did this even come up?
Uh. me and Frank were having
a conversation about how parents
fuck up their kids.
-Oh. yeah. as one does.
-Yeah. as one does.
Are your parents divorced?
Ooh. and the conversation
takes a turn.
We live in the future now.
of course they are.
Love is dead and all that shit.
Oh. yeah. I'm Michael.
I have a dark soul.
Yada-yada-yada.
I love
when Neha talks shit.
Yes. I'm an asshole.
I agree with that.
but I know for a fact
that you all hate your jobs.
Aside from the part where
it just kinda dominates my life.
I actually enjoy my job. Yep.
Ro! I love you.
That's kinda like
really unhealthy. Right?
No. I mean no. I get it.
It's pretty much the same
for me. but I don't know.
I still love it.
What is it
that you do again?
-I work...
-I think they're broken.
I work at a hospital
as a Strategic
Advancement Director.
Silly business.
Uh. yeah.
Wait. wait.
Your job acronym is S.A.D.
It's like literally. sad.
Ah. it is.
I never realized that.
You know what?
I kinda love that.
Oh my God! If you say you love
your job one more time.
I might actually believe you.
I love my job as a Strategic
Advancement Director
for a remote hospital
in the boonies of California.
-Well. all right.
-You guys are fucking weird.
And you guys
are fucking hippies.
Okay. that's like
the meanest thing
that anyone's ever said to me.
That was pretty sick.
-Right?
-What?
Fellow job lover Ro.
what do you do?
I'm an assistant.
Obviously. a good one.
Well. it's nice to have
something to show
considering the hours and stuff.
Yeah. like I don't know.
How do you guys know
that you love your jobs? Just...
I don't know. Shit's just tight.
-Yeah.
-Meanwhile on this couch. oh...
Oh!
And the award
for the saddest high five
of the evening goes to...
-Oh! Gross.
-Hey boo. that's not fair.
-Oh. my God!
-Get a room.
-Come on. girl.
-Neha's watching!
-She's never watched that.
Ow!
That was definitely your fault.
Are you kidding?
No. that was like
a hundred percent you.
No. you're the one
that was on top
and then you started to fall...
Oh. did you just kiss me
to shut me up?
No. I kissed you to kiss you
but that was a very nice bonus.
You're such a brat. Oh!
All right. that was fun.
See you around.
Yeah. cool. See you later.
-I'm kidding.
-I'm not.
I'm kidding?
I promise.
You know. it works better
if you don't say it
like a question.
I know.
You're actually
the one who's running away
from everything and everyone
you love in a week.
What? I'm not running away.
Pretty casual life event.
I know. right?
How's that feeling?
Exciting?
You know. it works better
if you don't make it sound
like a question.
Ooh. yeah. yeah. I know.
I mean. it's exciting. It is.
It's gonna be... refreshing.
Where are you going again?
And for what?
I'm starting out by helping
a small organic farm in Spain...
Are you a hippie?
You say that like someone
just stabbed you.
If you are. then someone
did just stab me.
I'm not. I promise.
I mean. I promise?
-It's a nice farm too.
-Okay.
Yeah. anyways.
So. yeah. I'm going to go there
and then I go to London
for my Master's.
-For like a year.
-I'm so disappointed
with myself.
I'm sorry. What was that?
I'm starting
a nudist commune in Berkeley.
Fuckin' knew it.
Okay. so London.
Mm-hmm.
Why would it go for two?
Mm-mm. I guess
I'm bad at school.
Are you bad at school?
Mm-mm. more like
if I get bored with it.
Why would you ever
get bored of school?
I know. right?
No. more like if I lose
interest. I guess.
Which would happen because...?
'Cause I just like signed up
for this Master's
because I have no idea
what I'm doing with my life.
Ah!
I hadn't said that
out aloud yet.
It's really depressing.
Well. if it makes you feel
any better. I. like you.
am also completely unsure
of what I'm doing
with my life too.
-Nope.
-No?
-No.
-Okay.
How about this?
I'm pretty sure
that a majority of our peers
are also completely unsure
of the current paths
their lives are on
and the uncertainty is
slowly killing them unknowingly.
All of us are just lost.
even the ones who seem like
they know what they're doing.
even the ones working
for Médecins Sans Frontières
saving lives just completely.
overwhelmingly lost.
flailing at nothing.
Well. maybe not them
but everyone else's super lost.
Life is fun.
Yeah.
Why are you cool?
Hmm? Oh. what?
That's a weird question.
I mean like why are you cool
and why am I meeting you
right now
before I'm about to leave
for a fucking long time?
Stop being cool.
-No promises.
-Stop it.
And it's because the world
don't give no fucks
about timing or love or...
or cool people
being cool together...
-Mm-hmm.
-You know what I mean.
Yeah. it sucks.
Yeah.
Am I going to see you tomorrow?
Maybe.
Yes.
Yes?
Sweet.
Ladies and gentlemen.
we're here...
-Are you drunk already?
-No.
-Are you sure?
Yeah. but I forgot what I was
going to say. So. to you guys!
-Yeah!
-To us!
-Yeah! Sure!
-Cool.
I mean.
are you going to say it?
I don't know about you guys.
but I think I'm really drunk.
-Me too actually.
-You look very composed.
-You?
-Yeah!
You couldn't tell?
I swear there was
two people at this table...
I forgot
how cold it is here.
It's also like his house.
It's so creepy.
This whole place
is like made of noise.
Yeah.
Argh. ah!
What are you doing?
I'm laying down.
And you should know.
you look great from here.
Mm-hmm.
And you also look great
from behind
and when you're above.
Overall anytime you're naked.
Thank you.
Can I have your number?
I just realized
I don't have your number
and I also know
that you're leaving soon
and it isn't exactly useful
and I'm saying
too many words but. yeah.
Yes.
To the number part
or are you agreeing
with this being pretty futile.
-Both.
-Hmm.
Your sense of humor
is kinda weird.
Ugh. thanks.
Most people say it tethers
between completely unfunny
and morbidly depressing
so. I'll take weird.
Mmm.
So. are we going to talk
about how much
we miss each other
when we never
see each other again?
Obviously.
That is the perfect
relationship.
We get to have
all the emotional baggage
and none of the fun.
By which I mean sex.
-Mm-hmm.
-All sadness. no sex.
Yeah. it's like when I cry
myself to sleep at night
when I miss you.
it's like nobody
will be there to hold me.
Way to ratchet things up. Laura.
-Damn.
-I'm kidding. It's a joke.
I know.
Honestly. this is a bummer.
Yeah.
You're gone in a week?
Uh-huh.
That's unfortunate.
You're just going home?
Where are you from again?
Yeah. I'm just going to go drop
my car off back in Berkeley.
-Ah!
-Hang out there for a week.
I was going to see my parents.
but they went to Hawaii.
-Well. that's pretty cold.
-Nah. it's fine.
I see them like all the time.
I saw them
two weeks ago actually.
Ah. well. in that case.
fuck. yeah. Hawaii.
Yeah.
You should just come down to LA.
I know. right?
Fuck it. do it.
I'm serious. Fuck it.
just start your vacation early.
Are you serious?
I just said I'm serious.
But like are you serious.
serious or you're like...
If you're about it.
I can take the week off
or well. I can probably
start my weekend early.
You're serious.
Fuck. yeah. I am.
You just invited me
to your house in LA.
-Do it!
Why are you still sitting?
Come on down.
the weather's fine.
Are you talking
about the bed or LA or...
Well. neither. I don't know.
Just trying to get you
to lay down.
I hope I don't hate you.
Oh. well. I'm pretty hateable
so that's almost definitely
going to be very bad.
Damn!
I guess for me
it's like kinda bummer
to realize
that what I wanted to do
may not actually be
what I want to do.
Yeah. hence
the life-changing move.
Yeah. I know.
It's like the most entitled
thing ever to be like.
I feel like I'm wasting my life
so I'm going to go to Europe.
At least you're doing
something productive.
Sun set.
It's pretty.
Try packing for an entire year.
Like it would be any smaller.
Okay. how you doing there?
-I have a technique
with my knee.
-Ah-ha!
Laura. has of course refused
all help with that thing.
How about the stairs?
Want some help now?
Welcome to my apartment
which is decorated by a boy.
It's nice. It's clean.
Thanks. I like to think so.
So. you want to unpack now
or just grab food or drinks
or just fucking go nuts
and black out and wake up
in Mexico. What's up?
Um. food in Mexico
after blacking out?
Yes. I like
where your head's at.
Yeah. so my 12-year-old self
is sitting there bawling
my eyes out.
crying about how Beanie Babies
are going out of business
and they'll be gone forever
and everyone's going
to forget about them
which means one day
I'll be gone forever
and everyone is going
to forget about me.
Wow!
Yeah. and my parents
who by now are
completely un-amused
are looking at me like. "Why?"
Mm-hmm.
I took a good second
to catch my breath
and they go. and I wish
I could do the accent better.
"Okay. well.
your food is getting cold."
That's awesome!
-Yeah.
-Or sad.
Well. I think...
I think they were right
though. you know.
Excellent handling
of prepubescent existential
crisis I think.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. so that was
my very graceful first encounter
with the recognition
of death as an inevitability.
Your turn for formative
childhood memory.
Hmm. yours was cute and funny.
No. No. no. no.
It's going to be great.
Unless you like murder
someone in it or something.
How'd you know?
Okay.
I remember hiding
under the covers with my brother
because our parents were
fighting outside of our room
which happened a lot.
Um. and this time.
I kinda like just decided
that I was not ever
going to end up
like living in a house
having arguments
with someone I hated.
Hmm.
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
It was like my first sense
of agency. you know.
which is kinda
depressing to have
and all that when you
realize you can try out
your own path to be
in response to never wanting
to become your parents.
Yeah.
I told you
that was dark.
I'm not very good at this whole
casual conversation thing.
Yeah. We're good
at being bad at stuff.
-Which. you know. fun.
-Yeah.
We're good at being...
does that make sense?
-Absolutely.
-We're good
at being bad at stuff.
-Yeah. I'll take it.
-Good.
I know doing
something good
is better than nothing.
but like. I don't know.
I was starting to feel like
I was just going to be
like spending my entire life.
like. like I don't know.
walking across the world.
Sort of like just
slowly going nowhere...
-On foot.
-Yeah. exactly.
-I get it.
-Yeah. anyways. I don't know.
It was really frustrating
so I quit and. yeah.
I guess I feel like
going back to school
will open up more doors
so I'll probably be able
to do more. you know.
Yeah.
But I don't want to be
a politician though so.
I'd hope not.
What about you?
What's this job you're supposed
to be at in like...
-...five hours?
Uh. it's like...
Okay. so the people are awesome
and I was pretty blessed
to fall into it.
-And?
I fucking hate it.
I was asking what it was.
but that's good to know too.
Oh. right. yes.
the original question.
Um. I work
at a small boutique ad agency
as a project manager.
Basically I pamper clients.
I'm like essentially an ad man.
I'm part of the team
that had a huge hand
in sending pop culture
down the super productive path
it's currently on.
It's like I'm literally
one of the bad guys.
The world runs because
good people do bad things.
Yeah. I agree.
I mean it's not nice
but I feel like it's true.
I felt that way.
Except. you do good stuff
like preserving our environment
for future generations
and you've spent
all of your early 20's
working towards that exact goal.
Yeah. but on a personal level
it's exactly the same thing.
you know.
it's like that joke
you made the other day.
What joke I...
Like the one about...
I kinda say... I kinda
say a lot of stuff. right?
-The one about...
-I just say shit.
...depressed doctors
at MSF. you know.
You said it like it may
or may not be true so.
I don't know. but whatever
the point is it's like
you're "flailing at nothing"
was the phrase.
Ah. yes that.
That definitely sounds like me.
Yeah. I remember that.
So. you know how as Americans
we hate being told what to do?
Fuck. yeah!
We love freedom
more than life itself.
Right. and like even if we
were going to do it anyway
is we don't want
to be told to do it.
Probably.
So. like as a result we have
a lot of personal freedom.
Well. hold on.
Some more than others.
Okay. so there's always
more work to be done.
but like generally speaking.
we have more personal freedom
now than we used to. you know?
-Yeah.
-Like in my case.
I didn't like
what I was doing so I quit
and now I'm literally
flying across the world
because I've decided to.
Yeah.
And it's like. we haven't really
thought about what to do
with all that freedom. you know.
We're like. maybe
we have but like not really.
You look like someone
killed your cat.
Dana just put her two weeks in.
So that meeting went well.
-Damn!
-Yeah.
Jim really knows
how to understaff a place.
It's that "start-up" vibe.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well. at least
there's beer in the fridge.
Nobody ever drinks it.
but at least it's there.
Hey there.
can I get you anymore tea?
Uh. sure.
Okay. give me
one more minute. ma'am.
Thank you.
So. how's LA honey?
It's nice or maybe it's just
like better than I imagined.
I don't know why
I always thought I hated LA.
Oh. probably because you got sick when we went to Disneyland
and cried in all of the lines
so we never went back
to Los Angeles again.
Well. no I didn't.
Yeah. yeah. you did.
You don't remember?
Your brother thought
it was his fault
and felt bad the whole time.
which was kinda adorable.
-I know.
-Um. I did that?
You did that. Yes. Oops.
Sorry.
You should have seen your dad.
Ugh. I can imagine.
Anyway. I've been looking
at apartments in London.
-Uh-huh.
-And...
My first takeaway
is that they're very expensive.
You're having second thoughts?
No. it's just like eye-opening
and like... expensive.
I told you. honey. it was
going to be quite a change.
Yeah. I know.
I didn't plan it very well.
No. it's not that.
I mean. that's all fine.
Well. for me at least.
I'm not the one
figuring out my life.
Well. thanks. Mom.
I'm sorry.
Do you think
I'm doing the right thing?
Is this like a good decision?
Laura. honey.
I honestly can't say.
I mean. I think what you're doing is pretty drastic.
but I also can't blame you.
If I was in your shoes.
I might have done
what you're doing.
I love your father very much
and I'm happy
with where I'm at in life
and how I did things.
I mean. it wasn't easy
and there were things
I had to give up on the way.
but like I've said before.
you live
in an absolutely new age.
I can't imagine things now.
I mean. I don't know what
it is like for you nowadays.
I mean. for me. I got my degree. started a family
and I've been at my job
working it for 20 years.
It's okay.
The people are good
and we're not destroying
the earth.
but for me that's all I need.
But it's different now
for people your age.
I mean. endless possibilities
have been presented.
Whether or not that's better.
well. that is the part where I think you have to figure things out on your own.
Yeah. but like...
-Okay...
-Basically honey. look.
I don't have any way
to know whether or not
you're doing the right thing.
but you're young
and you'll probably live
twice as long as we will.
so. why not. you know?
Okay. thank you.
You also need to come to Hawaii.
It's beautiful.
Me and your dad
jumped off some rocks
into the ocean yesterday
-and wow!
-You what?
We jumped
off some rocks into the ocean.
It was amazing.
That's nice.
Oh. honey.
you're home so soon.
How was work?
Would you like a meatloaf?
Uh. I'm not going to lie.
that was pretty frightening.
That's me.
your worst domestic nightmare.
Oh. God!
No. really. how was work?
I just stared at the computer
and had a sandwich at some point
and had some coffee.
stared at the computer
some more.
had some more coffee.
Oh. yeah. Neha says. "Hey."
How much do you get paid
to do that. again?
I don't know.
I stopped counting
because it was so much.
Oh. also I decided
to just take the week off.
What?
Yeah. 'cause things are slow
and I've been hauling ass
for months and I'm about to
again in a couple of weeks
and you're here
and fuck it. you know.
You can just do that?
We have one of those
"we trust our employee"
paid time off policies.
I think I'm blushing.
It'll be fun.
What should we do to celebrate?
Uh. I haven't thought that far.
You know it works better
when you don't say it
like a question.
What I mean is I get terribly lonely sometimes.
Me too.
You like your wine
to taste like wine.
You're gonna taste it
or something?
Tried really hard
not to. I promise.
Hmm. what are we
going to do with you?
We are in a wine store.
Is that you trying to tell me
to drink myself into ruin?
Are you trying to ruin me?
Duh!
Oh. good 'cause
it's been a while
since I've had a good ruining.
Oh. yeah? It's like a side hobby
of yours. an annual ruining?
Yeah. it's the best.
You should try it.
Well. I'm a connoisseur of ruin.
You're fucking nuts.
Aren't we all?
-Drink?
-Yeah.
What are you making?
Um. Gatorade and soda water.
so it's a Gatorade
and gin or soda water.
Which one was the first one?
"Stay free. stay true."
Yeah. I think
it's pretty self-explanatory.
-Hmm. No.
-No?
All right.
my 18-year-old self is like.
"You're going to fucking
sell out one of these days.
you motherfucker.
So this is to remind you
that you used to have morals."
Hmm. I love that.
Yeah. that's awesome.
I kinda think that's the point
of tattoos really. you know.
Mini time capsules of whatever
was important at the time.
Only in this case.
it was important then
and now just well.
quietly ignored every day.
Hmm. and this one?
-Uh. yeah.
-Cut ups?
Uh. yeah. also 18.
me and my group of friends
were going to college
or whatever the fuck
we were doing.
There were five of us.
We. uh... it's dumb.
So. because
we were cool as shit.
uh. we called ourselves
"Cut ups".
sort of like joke
bastardization of fuck ups.
-Right.
-I don't know.
It's clever.
We were all about to leave.
so we got matching tattoos.
Yeah. Frank has one.
-Oh.
-Yeah.
Long story short. we're idiots.
It's my favorite one.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-A heart skewered
on a big ass knife?
-Mm-hmm.
All right.
How about yours?
Does that say. "Carry on!"?
Mm-hmm. I know.
-It's pretty bad.
-I don't know. it's kinda cool.
I see we have this
two-word phrase thing going.
Hmm. I knew I liked you
for a reason.
-Story.
-Mm-mm. no.
-No?
-No. it's embarrassing.
Come on.
I still want to hear it.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
-You know it. Come on.
-How sure?
Very sure.
Like you would get married
with me sure?
-That's uh...
-Or like you would bet
your life on it. sure?
-...a really weird thing.
-I know.
That one didn't really work.
Story. Story.
Okay. okay.
Uhm...
So. I was very depressed
in college.
My junior year.
or whenever you're 21.
-Is that junior year?
-Yeah. junior year.
Anyways. um. yeah. I...
I was finished taking my finals
and my roommates
were also taking their finals
and I just kind of...
I don't know.
I had a lot of time
and like kind of just...
I don't know.
I was pretty unhappy
with things at home.
with how things were at school.
people I was hanging out with.
my roommates included.
and so I just kinda went off
by myself and got a tattoo.
Hmm.
I guess as some sort of...
I don't know. It felt good.
Good enough for me I'd say.
Yeah.
Some friends
are having a little party
at their house today.
On a Wednesday?
Yeah. apparently some people
follow their dreams or whatever.
Yeah. they're having
a little thing.
It's usually pretty chill.
Sounds like my kind of party.
How are you?
Are you close with your parents?
Are they from here?
Yeah. they were immigrants
and um. yeah. I'd say so.
Yeah. pretty good.
It's just sort of impossible
to thank them enough.
ever though. you know.
Because?
I mean. basically it's so hard
for me to even imagine
giving up everything you know
and have grown up with
solely in order to give
your kids who haven't
even been conceived yet
a better shot at things.
all by like the age of 25.
So. it's not even a question
about them caring.
I just feel like
kind of a little shit
every time the thought.
"Why am I at a job I hate?"
Or "This is a monumental
waste of my time.
I'm wasting my life away.
Oh. my God!
I'm wasting my life away"
creeps in. you know?
Yeah. well. I mean it's like
a very valid feeling for you
because advertising is useless.
-Yes. yes. yes.
-I'm kidding.
I also kinda feel like
your parents wouldn't
really mind if you mixed it up.
Yeah. You're probably right.
What did you think of me
when you first met me?
Uh. first time
or just last weekend?
First time. because
I'm assuming you were
in love by last weekend.
I've been yours
since I was born. Laura.
Uh... First time.
-Honest?
-No. lie to my face.
That's a pretty weird request.
-Come on.
-Okay. all right.
You came out of I think
Neha's room
and you sat down with us
and started talking bad shit.
Spitting vitriol
and I was done for.
Also you're hot
and you were wearing
these high-waisted leather pants
and I was just dead.
And then the guy you were with
popped out and
I was like. "I'm out."
And promptly forgot about you.
Okay. so you went
from like being in love
to over it in like five seconds.
Probably more like one or two.
-Oh! Men!
-We're fun.
-You're not curious?
-I didn't say that.
What'd you think?
And before anything.
I'd like to request a pass
because I was smashed.
Sure.
you don't need one. but fine.
Okay. so I was on the side room
with that guy I was seeing.
He was basically
pouring his heart out to me
because we weren't
serious enough.
And every time he would pause.
there would be this huge laugh
coming from the next room.
It was you.
And like the timing of it.
kinda made it seem like
you were laughing at him.
That is so brutal.
Yeah. it was like your laugh
was making me feel weirdly good
in a moment when
I should not ever feel good.
And then I walked out
and I was just like. "Oh. fuck!"
Good oh. fuck? Bad oh. fuck?
You've seen me naked.
Sweet.
Good morning.
Look at this.
It's a Michael
in his natural habitat.
hungover and asleep
deep into the morning.
No. no. no.
Oh. notice how he tries
to cover his eyes
with a pillow to shield them
from the morning light.
Too early for this act.
Now. we're in for a real treat.
We're just going to...
Hi. my name's Laura
and I've sailed 13 oceans
and traveled 18 continents
waking up hungover people
all over the world.
Ah-ha and here we see
the wild Michael using sarcasm
in an attempt to ward me off
which is quite a shame because
he is really very pretty.
You know. my head will probably
explode if you had an accent.
I know.
We'll put him back
under his rock.
What do you want to do today?
I'm still kinda tired
and hungover.
You and I both.
Is this what it feels like
to get old and die together
with someone?
Hmm. yeah. I think so.
Maybe a movie?
Yeah. that could be nice.
Cool.
We should probably put pants on.
Perhaps. yeah.
-What shall we see?
-That looks good. no?
Comedy. yeah.
I'll fuck with that.
I'm sorry?
I said. I'll fuck with that.
-You'll fuck with that?
-Yeah. it's an expression.
Yeah. he kinda brought it
up a couple months ago
while we were talking
and it's just been
nagging at me since.
About how you guys met so young?
Yeah. and I think
it passed for him.
but it's just been
bothering me since.
Okay. I met this girl
and she's married
her boyfriend of several years
and she was telling me
how she felt like it was
vibrant all the time.
Well. yeah. it's because people
are always trying to seem
happier than they actually are
and besides
that's not for everyone.
I know.
but it's just weird
harsh reality
that I have been on and off
with John since high school
and all that time
it's never been nearly
as intense as she describes.
And he is great and I love him.
but I just couldn't shake
this question of.
"Are we doing this wrong?"
And it's shitty because
he's genuinely a good person.
And how many good people
do you come across
in your lifetime. you know?
Well. at least you've been
thinking through it
very thoroughly.
Yeah. uh. maybe too much.
I don't know.
Like look at you two.
it's just so apparently intense.
Uh. no. I think
it's pretty different.
-We sort of just make
shit up as we go.
-Yeah.
I don't think you should
compare yourself to us.
Besides I'm crazy. remember?
-Yeah. that's just college.
-I don't know.
All honesty. Neha.
because we've been friends
for longer
than either of us would like.
I think. if something's nagging
at you endlessly.
you got to quash it. you know.
Whether by getting over it
or doing something about it.
you got to stitch the cut.
you know what I mean?
Yeah. I think so. Yeah.
Well. sorry
for this bummer story guys.
- Oh. my God! No. no.
- No need to worry.
Okay. please.
change the topic.
Tell me about your week.
Um. our week
has been great.
Lots of cheap food and drink.
Ah. what she's saying
is she's been drunk
the whole time.
Um. not the whole time
just part of the time.
Yeah. I mean. it's just like
the weather's so nice. alright.
so you have to drink
in the afternoons.
-Yeah. obviously.
-And then in the evening
with dinner.
-Yes.
-And then
she's totally wasted.
I mean...
I think it's just a buzz. right?
I mean you can't
blame her for that.
Thank you.
Got you. girl.
Oh. God. that is so hot!
Yeah.
but it's the best though. right?
Oh. uh. mm-hmm. Oh. Jesus!
You two heading out?
Yeah. we are actually because
we're going to Runyon tomorrow.
Oh. that sucks.
No. it's like
a really nice hike.
Yeah. yeah.
I'll take your word for it.
It is. Hey. Seb.
you riding with?
- Yeah. I'm fucking tired.
-Okay. cool.
Well. I will see you guys soon
and I better see you
before you leave.
- Yes.
-Post-hike lunch?
-Yes?
-Yes.
Yes. Okay. cool.
Well. I'll text you.
See you soon. Bye. cuties.
Bye. Neha. Later on. Seb.
- Later. dude.
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
We should probably
get going too. right?
I don't know. I thought
it might be a cool date thing
to try and watch the taco truck
pack up and leave. you know.
Oh. yeah.
No. yeah. I got a car.
Now I'm kinda set on watching
the truck pack up. so.
Okay.
Should we talk about what
happens after this week?
Yeah. probably.
What are your thoughts on it?
Uh. honestly I don't know.
What do you think?
Uh. kinda in the same boat.
I guess we should
probably sort it out.
Yes.
I mean. you are going to be
several thousand miles
and an ocean away.
Yeah.
Fuck. would you wanna
like stay in touch?
Yeah. I mean. if you do.
-Yeah.
-Then. fuck. yeah.
I guess it would probably
be good to leave
any expectations at home.
Definitely. yeah.
I just thought it would be nice
to like stay in touch.
I agree.
The car is here.
Oh.
This is going
to sound kinda weird. but...
Go on.
You have to admit
that if we did have kids.
they would be pretty cute.
You're fucking great.
I mean. you know I'm right.
Look at us.
-I'm not disagreeing.
-Don't you think...?
Wouldn't he and I have
the most beautiful children?
Yeah. yeah. Definitely.
-Right?
-Fuck. yeah.
I didn't disagree with you.
-We would.
I can't believe
I leave tomorrow.
Yeah. it'll be all right though.
I guess.
It's not like
we're dying or anything
which. you know. "Hooray!"
It could be worse.
Yeah. It always could be worse.
Yeah. it brightens
my day every time I think of it.
Like. no matter how bad it is.
at least you're not dead?
Exactly. Not dead in a ditch.
it's a good day.
Your standards for a good day
are worryingly low.
When I'm dead.
my headstone's going to have.
"Could be worse" emblazoned
across it in giant block font.
Sort of like my final "Fuck you"
to the world. you know or...
I don't know.
I like you.
Good. I like you.
- Sorry. dude.
-Oh. no. dude.
do whatever back there. man.
Got everything?
Yes. I thought I forgot
my passport for a sec.
What time is it?
Looking for excuses
to come back early already. huh?
4:15.
Fuck. Yeah. maybe.
So. you're saying yes?
Ooh. 10%.
Hey.
- Hey.
-Hey.
So. at what point
in this conversation do
we start the conversation?
Mm.
How is day 685 million
of your European
captivity going?
I'm a little bit worried
that Stockholm Syndrome
has fully set in.
So you're
just like. fully in love
with what must be
a very torturous existence
in England?
It really is
just awful.
It's like my God. the British
with their dry humor
and well-dressed ways.
Sounds just...
unbearable.
- I miss you.
- I miss you too.
School still going well?
Yeah.
it's pretty relaxed.
-I'm halfway through.
- Hey.
hooray for halfway.
Sorry it's been
so long since we talked.
I mean.
it's a two-way street on that.
If you're sorry. I'm sorry.
Yeah. That's true.
I hate this.
I fucking hate this.
Me too.
It's like every time
I think about you.
I like miss you
and then I feel sadder
and then it's just like. "Fuck!"
It's just...
Sorry.
There's nothing
to be sorry about.
Yeah. but that almost
makes it worse. right?
'Cause it's like there's
a fucking ocean between us
and there's nothing
we can do about it.
I mean. fine. like obviously
we can do anything.
But like it would be...
it's like it sounds absurd.
Like. "Oh. Michael.
Just come to London
and follow me while
I wander around aimlessly."
Or like. "Hey. Laura.
Ditch that Master's
and come to LA
and we can play
in the sun together."
I just wish you were here.
Me too.
Well. actually I'm not choosy
about here or there.
but you know what I mean.
Anyway. so I take it
things are going well?
Yeah.
things are... yeah.
What about for you?
Same old. same old.
Frank visited the other day
though. so that's cool.
Hmm. that's nice.
Yeah.
that was pretty great.
Frank threw stuff at a bartender
who then gave us
free drinks in return.
I don't think it's supposed to work like that.
I mean.
she's our friend.
but. yeah. me neither.
She did threaten to kick us out.
Frank has promised to return
and force her to make good
on her threat.
He's in love with her.
isn't he?
Yeah. right.
Sorry. I'm so like tired.
I don't know I just feel
like I've been very bummed
all the time lately.
Lately?
Right.
Things get frustrating on this god-forsaken space rock.
We're all trapped here
by our own choices
which is like paradoxical or...
which. whatever.
you know what I mean.
Yeah. I know.
I do know what you mean.
It's like give them enough rope.
but in this case freedom
is the rope
and we've given it to ourselves.
Yeah. the world's
on fire anyway.
It's fine. A small fire.
it's still a fire though.
Not dead in a ditch. right?
Not just yet.
I miss you.
Yeah. I miss you too.
Do you think
we'd be happy together?
Yeah. I think
we'd be pretty good.
Yeah.
I worry you would
hate me though.
Well. if anyone's hateable.
it's definitely you.
Oh. boo!
Didn't see that one coming.
did you?
I like you.
I don't think it's supposed
to work like that.
Tell me things
about your life.
Oh. my fucking fuck. dude.
Shut the fuck up
for a fucking minute.
Fuck you dogs.
Hey. did you get
that raise at least?
Yea. but not as much
as I had asked.
Oh.
The lady who was training me
decided to leave two weeks
earlier than expected.
so I'm pretty much...
she was just like get over it.
I guess.
So. now I'm just kinda like
fumbling around in the dark.
Huh.
So everything is still.
"Holy shit. this is so much more
work than I ever expected
and everything is broken."
Pretty much. yeah.
So it goes.
Yeah. how is the battle
of Britain going?
You mean Laura?
Yeah. how is that going?
Uh. it's not.
Bummer. Bad?
No.
Out with a whimper.
So. who stopped talking to who?
Both.
So. her?
Yeah. but...
-But both.
Well. so it goes.
-You'll be alright.
-Yeah.
Yeah. shit happens
when you party naked.
You know. for the longest time
I thought
that I was square enough
and I dedicated
just enough to a shitty job
that I didn't even care about
and I was alright with that.
Or at least find
some sort of solace
elsewhere aside from work.
But just statistically
speaking. right?
Because you spend
most of your life at work.
you very quickly
come to understand
that if you're miserable there
then your life is
predominantly miserable. right?
Aren't you going to help?
So... and so I left and now
I am at school with you
and I tried a lot of things
before to try to figure out
why I was. you know.
so bummed about things.
But. girl. never
in a million fucking years
did I think that digging holes
in a farm was going to be
an answer to things.
You're fucking crazy for doing
this for a month. you know that?
I feel like
all I do is dig holes.
Oh. yeah. whatever.
I don't believe
that for a second.
But how are you anyway?
Have you been feeling better
about things?
Yeah...
I guess so.
Trying new things
to see at least.
I'm a little bit worried
I'm kinda doing
exactly the same thing
no matter where I am.
What. like.
digging holes and shit?
No. that's actually new.
surprisingly enough.
No. I just mean
like the same patterns
of frustrations
and doing the same thing
in response
and like feeling trapped
and all of that.
Well. aren't you
just a little ray of sunshine?
But I mean. you know.
at least you're trying.
You're out and you're working
toward positive at least.
so that's a good thing.
I just don't know
how I feel about
this whole "back to the earth"
thing though.
-No?
-It's a bit crackers. babe.
You could give it a try.
Absolutely no go.
That bartender
is definitely into you.
Don't fucking look right at her.
Dude.
Now. we're in for a real treat.
We're just going to...
Hi. my name's Laura
and I've sailed 13 oceans
and traveled 18 continents
waking up hungover people
all over the world.
Hello you.
How are you feeling?
Sorry.
Honestly. immensely hungover.
Uh-oh. oops.
Well. worth it.
Good.
You?
Yeah. I think I'll...
I think I'll live.
Mmm.
And don't you have to go?
You kept saying last night.
"I'm going
on an adventure tomorrow."
Oh. God. yeah.
that sounds like me.
You actually look like shit.
It kinda looks like you got
into a fight with a semi-truck.
but it didn't just like hit you.
it just like smoked you
and then just drug you
for miles and miles.
Feel like a roadkill.
I feel like my soul is hungover.
Yeah. you look like
a bad day had a long night.
What?
At least the bartender
seemed chill.
Yeah. yeah.
Good news is
she's already put up with me
smashed out of my mind so.
I don't know.
you're pretty bad sober.
Nice.
Good job.
That's loud.
but my hangover is worse.
Yeah. dude.
It's a gun. It goes bang.
How's your...
how's your journey to the depths
of the meaninglessness
of existence going?
Ah. it's nice to get out
of town for a bit.
Yeah. yeah. It's... it's good
for the soul out here you know.
Let the...
let the heat heal you.
But seriously though. you should
probably take some time off.
Yeah. maybe
a little trip out of town.
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. you know. whatever.
Uh. anyway.
hope your hangover
likes loud noises
'cause it's about to get lit.
Freedom. baby!
Woo-hoo!
All right. you beautiful
little sulk-monster.
let's get some fucking drinks.
-Now?
-Yes. right now.
We just finished
our Master's programs. Come on.
It's like not even 11 o' clock.
And come on. it doesn't matter.
You don't have
to be sad forever.
Like let's go do something.
Let's go get some drinks.
-Let's have fun.
-Okay. All right. all right.
You do realize
that you're allowed to drink
when you're not sad
like celebrating
once in a while is okay.
Mm-hmm.
Plus. you don't have long before
they ship you back to California
where I hear
things are just so awful.
What is that supposed to mean?
It means you have to drink
to forget about that.
Oh!
All right. well. I thought
that was funny anyway.
You know. who gives a fuck
if this degree means shit
all just like our first degrees.
It's like I'm done
and I'm happy at least for now.
So. I might as well
enjoy it. right?
Right?
Yes!
Drink when you're happy.
drink when you're sad.
the Erika story.
It's called
hair of the dog. okay?
- I'm not that drunk.
- It's hair of the dog.
If you drink it.
then you get over your...
-Are you on drugs today?
-Woo!
Woo-hoo! Yeah.
I'm on drugs bitches!
No. I'm not. Literally. I'm not.
No. I just want to party
with my boys.
I am so glad
that you're back
and I can't wait
to hear about everything.
I'm going to get a drink.
do you want something?
Actually. no.
I'm going to go sit outside.
Oh. yeah.
it's so pretty outside.
Just a heads-up.
Michael's out there.
-Okay. That's fine.
-Okay. Alright.
Hey.
Hello.
Uh...
Good to see you.
You just got back. right?
Yeah. straight from Berlin.
How's that jet lag?
How's Germany?
I'm tired and Germany was great.
-Good to hear.
-Yeah.
So. well. shit.
How's everything since we. uh...
It's been what. half a year?
Yes.
Miss the fog yet?
It's actually a lot worse
than you can even imagine.
People take the day off
when the sun comes out.
Wow. that's the saddest thing
I've heard all year.
No. it was good.
I mean. I got sun in Berlin
and I have a Master's now.
Yay!
Look at you. all educated.
Yeah.
How are you?
Good. Yeah.
Same deal with work.
but they're paying me more now.
so. that's chill.
How about you?
What's the future like
for Laura?
Oh. my God!
-Yeah. me too.
-Yeah.
At least you've got
a Master's now?
You know it works better
if you don't say it
like a question.
Um. yeah.
No. I'm still kinda
in the same place
and feeling the same...
I don't even know
what the word is.
Inherently dissatisfied.
-I wasn't thinking
quite that sad.
-Okay.
I'm thinking more like figuring
things out still. but. yeah.
Inherently dissatisfied
sounds better.
I'm sorry.
I'm just fucking around.
That's okay but. yeah. no.
I'm just again
trying to decide what to do.
Yeah. I feel that.
Yeah. between moving
and like finding a job.
I don't have a ton of time
to ponder. so that's nice.
I don't know if you know
what nice means.
Probably not.
How are things outside of work?
All right. um.
a little bit of drinking.
a little bit of not drinking.
a little bit of traveling
around California.
which has been nice.
-That does sound nice.
-Yeah.
The mountains are pretty cool.
They've got tons of rocks
and snow.
Really just a bunch of stuff
that you can throw
at other stuff
which is pretty much
the most fun a kid could have.
Oh. my God!
I'm glad your sense
of humor is still strange.
What about you?
What kind of fun did you
get into after everything?
Ooh. uh. honestly
I kinda just went out a lot.
Super honestly. um.
I was pretty miserable
and did a lot of drinking.
-So. yeah. you know.
-The healthy way out?
Yeah.
How about now?
Better. I think.
Yeah. better.
-Yeah.
-I've made some changes
for the better. so.
Uh. would you say
you're doing better?
Yeah. better.
Like better or...?
I mean. maybe better
than better actually. you know.
Perhaps the betterest.
If you will.
Mmm.
You know how when you travel
or like when people
are traveling.
they're always like.
"I feel so aware
when I'm traveling"
and like discovering
this new culture makes me feel
like all my worries
are like so silly.
Uh. yeah. you mean
the. "Going to Thailand
was amazing.
and it's so amazing
to travel the world.
and life is amazing"
approach to "finding yourself".
also known
as being rich as shit.
And you know
or pretending everything's okay.
Yeah. No.
it's fucking bullshit. isn't it?
I mean. like it is
and it isn't but. yeah.
Hey. you don't
have to convince me.
I mean. I love traveling
and food while I'm traveling.
But. yeah. I mean.
finding yourself on vacation
has gotta be probably
one the worst clichés
this side of "everything happens
for a reason."
Yeah. exactly.
Yeah. I mean like for me
at least I felt like
the moments of traveling
that were the most beneficial
were when...
I mean. it kinda like
could have been anywhere.
Like it was like the moments
where I was the most
miserably alone. you know.
and just had to live
with myself.
Yeah. I'd agree with that.
So. I take it things are fun?
No. I'm just complaining.
Things are very good.
Yeah. Gotta do it sometimes.
I gotta be honest though.
I think.
sometimes even with living
with yourself
and even like
enjoying yourself as a person
really doesn't lift
the weight of.
you know.
what we talked about way back
about being trapped
by having so many options.
I don't know if that like...
No. no. I remember it. Yeah.
No. I felt like...
I felt like at first. you know.
being present was like really
helpful and like. you know.
just kinda like choosing
how to do your things
or like perceive experiences
and stuff.
But it kinda got tiring.
And like...
Like I know that receiving
information and experiences
was like. of course.
good for me.
but... I don't know.
I guess it kinda feels weird
to just be like learning
about things and about yourself
and to like not get anywhere.
you know. just like
I'm still completely unprepared
to answer the question
of like what I want
to do with my life.
And it's like after
all this time and education
and everything.
it's still like I'm doing
the same shit.
which is. yeah.
basically my fucking life.
I guess as long as I'm not
fucking things up more.
You know. I kinda think
sometimes it's the only thing
you can do.
I did miss you.
I missed you too.
Moving back to Portland?
Um. no.
I'm going to go home.
figure things out.
That's chill.
California misses you.
Yeah. what?
I don't know.
I'm just saying shit.
-Should we head inside?
Get new drinks?
Oh. yeah.
-Let's do it.
-Okay.
What we should talk
about is the graduation story.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Right?
When they're out of reach...
I'm tired.
That makes sense.
You did literally
just fly across the world.
True.
Are you trying to head out?
No. I'm alright.
Cool.
I'm sorry.
No. don't be.
Hey there.
Hi.
This is new.
What does it say?
Oh. yeah.
-Could be worse.
-Oh. my God! You would.
I try.
Hi.
No. I'm okay. I overslept
in... where are we?
-Echo Park.
Okay. Okay. cool.
I'll be over soon then.
Yeah. I'll figure it out.
Okay. thanks.
You. uh. need a ride?
Oh. um... really?
Yeah. it's a fucking car ride
not a kidney.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
Where's your...
where does your friend live?
Let me pull it up.
-It's... it's my cousin. it's...
-Oh!
Yeah. that's right here.
-Thanks for the ride.
-No problem.
Uh...
Let me know
if you're visiting again.
It was...
it was good to see you.
Yeah. it was good
to see you too.
-Have a good day.
-You too.
Good luck with everything.
Thank you.
Thank you. again for the ride.
No problem.
Oh. Oh. okay.
All right. cool. Bye.
Bye.
You alright?
Yeah. yeah.
I'm just pretty tired.
It seems to be a thing with you.
Is it?
Yeah. I mean. I get it.
It's... it's whatever.
Next time we go out.
we should just not
and like take a nap instead.
Okay.
I could... I could do that.
Yeah. but it's always very fun.
Good.
Hey.
I'm going to head out.
Try and get some sleep
this time.
I'll see you.
Hi. future me.
This is Michael.
You know that already
because you're me.
Uh. anyhow this is day one
of Michael's poorly
planned road trip
to fix his fucking head
or at least
take some real time off.
I'd like to remind future me
why I'm on this trip.
This year was dumb.
Last year was dumb.
And next year
will probably be dumb.
I hate my job even though
it's not that bad and pays well.
Give a shit about a girl
who's hundreds of miles away
while another girl
who's too good for me
or at least seems pretty chill
is waiting for my time.
I'm healthy.
I have enough money.
which is pretty much
anything I've ever asked for.
but despite
my best efforts to ignore it.
my head is still
completely fucked
which is naturally
a bit irritating.
And I have no idea
what the fuck to do about it.
so I'm taking this trip to.
uh. to do anything...
just something new.
just to do something different.
I guess this is the best
I've felt for a while.
probably a long time.
Anyway. I'm hungover
and seem to be
out of things to say.
So. I'll return to this later.
God speed to me I guess.